SUBJ: Download files and lists   (R2)  FROM: SYSOP JL    09/04/94   S#: 464152  
 I have ALL of the files uploaded
 to the Programming Support Group
 since October, 1987, and many of
 the ones uploaded before then.

 I also have, thanks to Kurt Brandon
 (Kurt B2, aka on AOL KurtBO), ALL
 of the Weekly Upload Guides for
 the Programming Support Group. I
 don't know how many of these 
 weekly upload guides are still around,
 but they contain the complete file
 descriptions for each file just as
 you see them online. This last as
 a note to Brenda... it's easier
 than F3 capture or SS capture of
 the data.

 Also, for other groups, the SysOp
 of the groups also has, or should
 have, all of the file descriptions
 in the templates that they used to
 install the files. That is, if they
 kept the templates as I did.

 As to when I can get all of the 
 files together in a form that they
 might be used... sheesh... don't
 know. I plan it as a retirement
 job.  :D

 The weekly upload guides are all
 put together in a couple of huge
 (about a quarter meg) files on
 IBM disks and I have a compiled
 C program for the IBM that does a
 search of the weekly guides for any
 word or group of letters and extracts
 the file description for each file
 that contains that string.

 Besides what I have for the
 Programming Support Group, I also have
 a file with ALL of the C128 program
 file names and the 29 character
 file description (the title). I have
 this all in a file (a couple hundred
 K bytes) and a program which does a 
 search on any string in the file
 name or uploader name. It lists all
 matches to screen. VERY fast. I can
 get the program, source code (Pascal)
 , and the files to anyone on AOL that
 can handle it or get it to Brenda.

     -- John (aka johnll on AOL)  
                  -::-

SUBJ: Telecom                    (R)   FROM: SYSHELP LH  09/06/94   S#: 464451  
  I have a listing of the telecom files from when we cleaned out the libs 3 summers ago plus all the templates for uploads since then so I can add those to the pot.  :)
    
As for Ridgerunr/JerryS8, I requested + time for his 'new' screen name  so hopefully we will see him online again soon. :D   

                  SYSOP Lisa
                 CIN Telecommunications
   
                  -::-

SUBJ: Name Typo...                     FROM: KurtB2      10/07/94   S#: 72922   
my address on AOL is KurtB02,
not KurtBO.
  
                  -::-

SUBJ: An unlikely possibility    (R2)  FROM: ProfNEWTON  09/01/94   S#: 463706  
I did see on another bbs that someone had suggested to Q that they make or allow someone else to make a cd-rom "snapshot" of their total software collection. Apparently someone did this for some NASA files that were in danger of just being erased by a shsutdown caused by budget crunches.
    no idea if Q replied....
Of course for our own machines that would not help without some access to a cd-rom reader, but it could be accessed by modem without the time pressure of two months to day of destruction.
       Newton
  
                  -::-

SUBJ: .                          (R)   FROM: Brenda g4   09/02/94   S#: 463756  
Who would we contact?

But I really don't think that Q cares about it. They will be glad to be rid of us... "Those that steal from AOL's resources."
  
                  -::-

SUBJ: I asked Q                        FROM: SBCUG user  09/08/94   S#: 464584  
about that on each of the five user group accounts I've been lucky enough to maintain as soon as I first read the sunset posting. 

I also asked if they would forego the hourly charge for OCT, and thirdly, whether we could make a partial turn-in of our QPons (5000=1 hr, so why can't 1000 = 1/5 hour, or 12 minutes)

My email transmitted OK, but I haven't received an answer after 3 weeks.

I also told them I'd be happy to take their files off their hands. I'm certain I could organize enough in my area to offer the files through some BBS setup.

Perhaps each of us could post what sections we've been able to download, or would like to, and exchange addresses so we could do some trading after October.  I'll be posting this in its own thread in a few appropriate places, and will respond to similar posts already made.

Regards, Bill  