SUBJ: Getting in.                (R8)  FROM: Toadsucker  10/05/94   S#: 72717   
How does one get into Heaven?
Is it as easy as believing in Christ?
Do you have to "accept him", whatever that means?
Do you have to live a certain way?
Assuming that you believe in Him, is it still hard to get in?
  
                  -::-

SUBJ: Getting in                 (R)   FROM: Steven1021  10/15/94   S#: 75497   
In answer to your question about how to get to heaven.  The Bible says in Romans 3:23 "For all have sinned and fall short ot the glory of God". We must then realize what Romans 6:23 says
"For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ
Jesus our Lord". Ephesians 2:8 states
"For by grace you have been saved through faith; and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God".
Another words it is a free gift from 
God to us. John 3:16 says "For God so
loved the world that he gave His only
unique son that whoever believes in
Him should not perish but have eternal
life".John 3:17-18 say "For God did not send the Son into the world to judge the world, but that the world should be saved through Him.                        He who believes in Him is not judged; he who does not believe has been judgedalready, because he has not believed in the name of the only        Son of God".
  This is what we must believe to be saved. The Gospel is stated in I Corinthians 15:1-4Now I make known to you, brethern, the gospel which I preached to you, which also you received, in which also you stand, by which also you are saved, if you hold fast the word which I preached to you, unless you believed in vain.  For I delivered to you as of first importance what I also received, that Christ died for our sins according to the Scriptures, and that He was buried, and that He was raised on the third day according to the Scriptures".             Once we have believed the Gospel and are saved we never lose our salvation. We will still sin because we are human.
I John 1:8-9 says, "If we say that we have no sin, we are deceiving ourselves, and the truth is not in us.  If we confess our sins, He is faithful and righteous to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness".
  
                  -::-

SUBJ: Thanks.                    (R)   FROM: Toadsucker  10/19/94   S#: 77156   
But do I read that right?  Once you believe in Christ as your savior, you are saved, and it will never be reversed?  It's as simple as that?

I was under the impression that it was more difficult than that to get in.
  
                  -::-

SUBJ: Well...                    (R)   FROM: CHESTER E   10/20/94   S#: 77483   
TS, if you explained what your impressions are more fully, perhaps someone here will be able to clarify things for you. But you better hurry we only have 10 days left.  
                  -::-

SUBJ: P.S.                       (R)   FROM: CHESTER E   10/20/94   S#: 77512   
 By the way I wish to draw your attention back to your post labeled "Rights..." of 9/12, I don't want you to miss my reply.    
                  -::-

SUBJ: Free gift of God           (R)   FROM: Steven1021  10/23/94   S#: 78893   
  TS: Yes, it is as easy as believing 
the Gospel(that Christ died for our sins, was buried, and was raised again)
What is hard is living the Christian
life. Ephesians 2:8-9 says"For by grace
(God's grace) are you saved through faith; and that nor of yourselves, it is the GIFT of God, Not of works, lest
any man should boast." The last part means that there is nothing that we can do that saves us. Some beliefs think that they can work their way into heaven. All we must do is to believe theGospel.
    1 John 5:13 says"These things I wrote unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God that you may KNOW that you have eternal life. Also John 5:24 says"Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that hears by word, and believes on Him that sent me, has eternal life, and shall not come into judgment but is passed from death unto life.
  The above 2 verses show us that we are saved forever once we believe and that we will never lose our salvation. We have eternal security. Yes, we will
keep sinning because we are not perfect as God is, but I John 1:9 says" If we
confess our sins He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness."
This means that we just tell God what our sin was( not that He doesn't  know,but that He just wants us to admit it to Him)and He will forgive us. Once we are saved though we do need God's help at all times to help us live the
Christian life. We do want to live a holy life as much as possible and to please the Lord in all that we do.                                     
                  -::-

SUBJ: Charcacter development     (R)   FROM: Doc Gee     10/24/94   S#: 78977   
When you accept Christ as your personal savior, and repent and confess your sins, the Holy Spirit works in the heart to purify the heart and give us a character that is more like Christs wich prepares us for life in Heaven. Psalm 51,10sabys"Create in me a pure heart, O God and renew a right spirit in me." 

  
                  -::-

SUBJ: What about...              (R)   FROM: Toadsucker  10/24/94   S#: 79112   
someone who accepted Christ once but no longer believes in it.
  
                  -::-

SUBJ: Still saved                      FROM: Steven1021  10/29/94   S#: 81243   
That person is still saved and will never lose his salvation even though he says he doesn't believe anymore.
  