SUBJ: People who just want to know...  FROM: JohnD39     10/25/94   S#: 79499   
     where the collected files will be, and are not d/l'ing things, please send mail to myself with your Internet address, or to BingoJerry with your US Mail address, for the general Off-Q contact list.  Both Jerry and I will be distributing info about where the files end up.

     Please -don't- EMail Brenda asking about it.  She's busy trying to d/l as much as possible right now, and once 11/1 comes, she'll be twice as busy getting all the d/l's coordinated for posting at sites with regional or nationwide (and hopefully, worldwide :) ) access.  Starting, oh, 12/1 or so, there'll be updates on my monthly Internet list..  I'm not sure what Jer's publication schedule is, but I think he's targeting 6 or so issues a year.

Thanx all!
JohnD39
steward@shell.portal.com
  
                  -::-

SUBJ: People who are D/L'ing...        FROM: JohnD39     10/25/94   S#: 79490   
    Q's getting real close to going down here, and we need to be able to coordinate getting the files all together in one or (preferably) more places.  These might include dialup boards such as Brenda's, nationwide access boards such as Phoenix, as well as an Internet FTP site who's sysop has agreed to take anything from Q the project can send him.

     To keep Brenda from going too far out of her mind :D, I'm trying to coordinate a list of d/l project Internet addresses, and for those who have no access to the Internet, BingoJerry is collecting USMail addresses.

     These collections are -separate- lists from the general contact lists BJ and I are maintaining.  If you've already provided your Inet or USnail addresses for the general contact list, PLEASE mail BJ or I and let us know you're collecting files as well.

      There's a lot of good, usable software out there and a lot of C-64's still left worldwide.  If we can get this software loaded onto a few widely accessible sites, it will make a lot of people who can't afford IBMs or Apples real happy. :)

       Thanx all,
JohnD39
steward@shell.portal.com  
                  -::-

SUBJ: feedback                         FROM: Brenda g4   10/25/94   S#: 79407   
I would like to get more feedback from people as to their progress. Maybe you could email me each day and let me know where you got to. As we get closer and closer to the end of Q :(, we are going to need to get more and more tightly organized.

I am totally freaking out that I will have people do areas that are already done, or someone will say they have done most of the files in an area. What does "most" mean? That they got what they personally wanted? That they just feel they have all the files because that is an area of their interest? (and they didn't even go look) That they got all the files but the "file not found"?

I know I am probably taking things too seriously... but I feel responsible. If you're interested in a certain area, and I tell you it is "done", you might take me at my word. Then we might find out later that the person just got the files he personally wanted. You might never have another chance at these files.

Well, might as well stick this here... I had wanted to mail a survey to people but people are not contacting JohnD39. (last I heard) Maybe I can just post it and people can F3 it.

I am almost always online. If you need help, just send me mail.


   
                  -::-

SUBJ: BEGGING you                      FROM: Brenda g4   10/25/94   S#: 79363   
People are STILL emailing me with what they have done. Please POST it.

Also, people are telling me what they have done *long after* they have done it. I need to know right away so I do not ask someone else to do the same area.

I can't remember everything I ask someone to do in chat or email. (I suppose I should have done a better job of writing it down.)

I know that I myself have not posted here like I should.

Some of you are doing good, but others of you never get back to me until long after you have done your area. (And then I have to post it FOR the person.)

Maybe I can somehow type a map here... (problem is I don't have one.)

Also, please title your message with the name of the area... not "dl project" :)

I'm sorry if I am being harsh... but it is very hard for me to hold all this stuff in my head.

On the subject of Internet etc addresses... someone just this morning (its 6:48am) emailed me that he was going to send me his info... I need everyone to send their info to JohnD39 and tell him it is for the downloading project.

All of these things I have asked in numerous posts.

Again sorry if I sound harsh but I'm getting frustrated. Also getting 2 hrs sleep a night when Q goes down for maintenence (huh??) doesn't help.
  